refactor: re-structure config file (#1970)
jbsparrow/CyberDropDownloader: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

⚠️**IMPORTANT**

> > This version is imcompatible with any previous release. Config file options need to be manually migrated by user.

Author: ```suggestion
> This version is incompatible with any previous release. Config file options need to be manually migrated by user.
```

>

> > CDL will refuse to start if the current database schema is older than `v9.15.0`. Use the `cyberdrop-dl database transfer` to upgrade older databases

Author: ```suggestion
> CDL will refuse to start if the current database schema is older than `v9.15.0`. Run `cyberdrop-dl database transfer` to upgrade older databases
```

### Added

- New `--cookies` option to read cookies from a file/folder
- New `--hashes` option to control which hashes CDL computes for new downloads

### Changed

> - The config file format has completly changed. All configs (`Auth`, `Global` and `Setttings`) are now a single file. Several options have new names, new defaults and new groups

Author: ```suggestion
- The config file format has completely changed. All configs (`Auth`, `Global` and `Setttings`) are now a single file. Several options have new names, new defaults and new groups
```

> - CDL will not create a default config file by if no config currently exists

Author: ```suggestion
- Do not create a config file by default
```

> - CDL will validate config in strict mode. If a config has an unknown entry, CDL will refuse to run instead of ignoring it

Author: ```suggestion
- Validate config in strict mode. If a config has an unknown entry, CDL will refuse to run instead of ignoring it
```

- Apprise URLs are now part of the main config file instead of a dedicated `apprise.txt` file

> - CDL will refuse to start if the current database schema is older than `v9.15.0`

Author: ```suggestion
- Refuse to start if the current database schema is older than `v9.15.0`
```

- Detect and report BasedFlare anti-bot protection
- Cookies with not be automatically loaded from `AppData/cookies`. Path to cookies needs to be specified with `--cookies`
- Always remove generated id from filenames (Cyberdrop)
- Compute `xxh128`, `md5` and `sha256` hashes by default
- `--deep-scrape` will no longer reset after a single run

> - `--input-file` has been removed from the config and is now a CLI only arg

Author: ```suggestion
- `--input-file` is now a CLI only arg
```

- If supplied, `--input-file` needs to be a valid file that exists

> - Refuse to run if both URLs and `--input-file` are pass as arguments

Author: ```suggestion
- Refuse to run if both URLs and `--input-file` are passed as arguments
```

> The following options, which were CLI only commands before, now have dedicated config entries:

Author: ```suggestion
The following options, which were CLI only arguments, now have dedicated config entries:
```

- `--ui` (entry: `ui.mode`)
- `--portrait` (entry: `ui.portrait`)

> - `--show-stats`

Author: ```suggestion
- `--stats`
```

Several config options have new names:

- `--disable-crawlers`-> `--crawlers.disabled`
- `--disable-file-timestamps`-> `--mtime`
- `--maximum-audio-duration` -> `--max-audio-duration`
- `--maximum-image-size` -> `--max-image-size`
- `--maximum-number-of-children` -> `--max-children`

> - `--maximum-other-size` -> `--max-other-size`

Author: ```suggestion
- `--maximum-other-size` -> `--max-non-media-size`
```

- `--sorted-audio` -> `--sort.formats.audio`
- `--sorted-image` -> `--sort.formats.image`
- `--sorted-other` -> `--sort.formats.other`
- `--sorted-video` -> `--sort.formats.video`

#### Ignore options (filters)

The behavior of `--filename-regex` has been reversed (files that DO NOT match the regex will skipped)
The behavior of `--before` and `--after` has been reversed and the `--exclude` prefix removed (they now **include** instead of excluding files)

- `--exclude-audio` -> `--no-audio`
- `--exclude-images` -> `--no-images`
- `--exclude-other` -> `--no-non-media`
- `--exclude-videos` -> `--no-videos`
- `--exclude-before` -> `--before`
- `--exclude-after` -> `--after`
- `--exclude-files-with-no-extension` -> `--allow-files-with-no-extension`
- `--filename-regex-filter` -> `--filename-regex`
- `--ignore-coomer-ads` -> `--crawlers.coomer.ignore-ads`
- `--ignore-coomer-post-content` -> `--crawlers.coomer.ignore-post-content`
- `--download-tiktok-src-quality-videos` -> - `--crawlers.tiktok.original`

#### Logs

- `--log-level` -> `--logs.level`
- `--console-log-level` -> `--logs.console-level`
- `--log-folder` -> `--logs.folder`
- `--logs-expire-after` -> `--logs.expire-after`

> - `--main-log` -> `--logs.files.main --log-file`

Author: ```suggestion
- `--main-log` -> `--logs.files.main` with alias `--log-file`
```

- `--download-error-urls` -> `--logs.files.download-errors`
- `--rotate-logs` -> `--logs-rotate`
- `--scrape-error-urls` -> `--logs.files.scrape-errors`
- `--unsupported-urls` -> `--logs.files.unsupported`

#### DownloadOptions

`--block-download-sub-folders` -> `--subfolders`, `--no-subfolders`
`--include-album-id-in-folder-name` -> `--subfolders.include.album-id`
`--include-thread-id-in-folder-name` -> `--subfolders.include.thread-id`
`--remove-domains-from-folder-names` -> `--subfolders.include.domain`
`--separate-posts-format` -> `--subfolders.separate-posts-format`
`--separate-posts` -> `--subfolders.separate-posts`
`--skip-download-mark-completed` -> `--skip-and-mark-completed`

### Removed

- Support for python 3.11
- All retry settings + menu option

> - `--log-level` and `--console-log-level` no longer accept integers. Only log level names as valid, ex: `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `WARNING`

Author: ```suggestion
- `--log-level` and `--console-log-level` (`--logs.level` and `--logs.console-level`) no longer accept integers. Only log level names as valid, ex: `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `WARNING`
```
